# Endless Climb
An infinite platformer game, ideally in the future to have different generation methods such as perlin noise, possibly something to do with mandelbrot set, equation parsing (like platforming on graphs in desmos etc) and others.

## How to play
Use A and D to move left and right, and W to jump. You can also use Q and E to zoom in and out so that you can look at the surroundings.
You can regenerate the map at any

## Direction
I'm inspired heavily by Slow Roads for example and really like how you can just play that for half an hour or so and not really notice. Anyway id like it to be fully customisable, maybe with the following
- Different music tracks, lofi or something
- GLSL shader or pixel art backgrounds, possibly with parallax scrolling
- Different block textures, fully configurable

## TODO:
[] The current perlin generator is fully generated by Github Copilot. While this is useful for prototyping, i want to replace this with something i fully understand (none of the rest of the project is AI generated and i would like the final iteration of this project to be completely 'clean')
[] Allow headhitter jumps so that you can't get trapped in caves as easily
[] enhance safe spawn to be more reliable
[] make it so that x values of less than 0 are generated and there isn't just a bit black wall to the left of the spawn point

## Contributing
If you're interested in contributing, that's cool. But still I consider this my own passion project, so would like the majority of the code to be my own. That isn't a definitive no, but please message on Github Discussions or Bluesky (linked in my profile) and I'd love to chat. 
